# Energy Efficient Lighting Systems in Buildings Using Fuzzy Logic Control
T. Giannopoulos, D. Tsipianitis and G. Mandellos, "Energy Efficient Lighting Systems in Buildings Using Fuzzy Logic Control," 2023 14th International Conference on Information, Intelligence, Systems & Applications (IISA), Volos, Greece, 2023, pp. 1-7, doi: 10.1109/IISA59645.2023.10345887.
Abstract: This paper proposes a study on the use of a fuzzy-logic scheme to control LED lighting systems in buildings to achieve energy efficiency while maintaining illumination levels in line with the EN12462-1 standard protocol. Fluorescent lamps are currently the dominant lighting source in buildings and account for a significant portion of total electricity consumption. The proposed fuzzy controller considers indoor and outdoor lighting as inputs for determining the illumination level of a room. The output variable controls the number of LED luminaires to be turned on to achieve the desired illumination level. The study was conducted in a laboratory setting using Arduino micro-controllers and the Lab Viewsoftware. The proposed fuzzy controller was found to significantly reduce energy consumption while maintaining the required illumination level, indicating the use of a fuzzy logic scheme as a promising solution for achieving energy-efficient lighting systems in buildings.
keywords: {Fuzzy logic;Energy consumption;Protocols;Buildings;Lighting;Maintenance engineering;Light emitting diodes;fuzzy control;real-time applications;energy efficiency;lab View;arduino},
URL: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10345887&isnumber=10345840

This is the LabVIEW code of the research paper.
